As a software engineer, chances
are you've crossed paths with
Mongo DB. At some point,
whether you're building an app
for millions of users, or
just figuring out your side
hustle, it's the most popular
non-relational database. Mongo DB is
intuitive and incredibly easy for
development teams to use. Now
with Mongo DB Atlas, you
can take advantage of Mongo,
DPS flexible document data model
as a fully automated cloud
service. Mongo DB Atlas handles
all the costly database operations
and admin tasks that you'd
rather not spend time on
like security, high availability, data
recovery monitoring, and elastic scaling.
Try Mongo DB Atlas for
free today. Visit www.mongodb.com/cloud. To
learn more. That's Mongo db.com/cloud.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And today I'm
talking with ludas Montana. She's
a senior software engineer at
RGA. How are you? Very
good. Nice to meet you.
Nice to chat with you.
You've got a great video
on YouTube with that. You
spoke at Cascadia Fest in
my area here in 2016,
and you were talking about
how to organize your learning
process and you're a developer
and you do a lot
of work in CSS, and
it was interesting that you
said how to organize your
learning process in CSS. So
you kind of thought about
how one thinks and how
one learns and then you
applied it to CSS. Yeah,
for me, I was always
a very interesting, the modified
CSS or any other technology
that I usually focus on
on CSS. How's the learning
process because you know that
the technology has a very
fast pace. It's like every
two, three months something new
appear something and new technology
and new blog posts, and
you start feeling like you're
kind of behind of it.
And you're like, Oh, I
want to be up today.
They want you to be
like the cool kid who
ride the tidy, clean CSS
and using the latest technologies
and all the time there
things appearing and you've started
feeling quite behind. And it's
like a talk that I
gave back as Katie in
2016. What's about how I
dealt with anxiety and the
pressure of the fast pace
of the tech industry. It
was more about talking about
my feelings during my learning
process. They absent downs because
usually when you get a,
a blog post or you
see a talk or a
new technology, everything is great.
Everything is perfect, but that
takes a lot of work.
So I had the need
to talk about my journey
about that because it's like
a, I think that is
a, like a, it happens
to everyone that is, has
apps on their phones. We
only learn from our failures.
Yeah. And I appreciate that
you call that out, that
we can't learn everything. Right.
We can't know everything everything's
moving so fast, but why
do you think that we
tell ourselves that we can,
why are we convinced? You
know, we see someone speaking
at a conference when we
say, Oh, they know everything.
Oh, I'm I suck. I'll
never know everything. And we
get all sad about that.
We get all depressed about
it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. There
is a constant pressure of
learn new things and keep
all up to date with
the latest stuff, like new
frameworks, new platforms, new ideas
on how to write code
in the moment. It was
less than a, if you
just name them or I
TCSs, for example, what's better
even Tufts or spaces where
on the plate, everything was
just calming. Keep coming out
and whatever, a new thing
you got better as
a new one came up
and you got to go,
Oh, okay. And back to
a square Sierra again. And
that's really a lot of
pressure to learn your things,
just spend all your time
coding to be this super
developer. And not at least
in my, in my case,
it led to a lot
of anxiety. And so one
day I was like, okay,
this is, I'm really not
enjoying this. So, but I,
something that I really loved
doing, so how will I
organize this? So I can
keep kind of up to
date, but at the same
time, knowing that I cannot
know the hundred percent of
the things, but at the
same time, enjoy my job,
which is actually what I
love doing so many times
that happens. The, I was
feeling mentally tired and hitting
the wall, learning. We're learning
some friends. And I start
saying, Oh, this is not
for me. I now look
at this person who did
this new thing. I never
really good at that, blah,
blah, blah. And all that
internal dialogue that we all
have, that it's about understanding
the learning tool called it's
a process that never ends.
It's not a static. And
it changes. I mutate every
few months. So yeah, it's
a, it was very interesting
to me to start learning
that. And since then, I
started to feel more, at
least organized with a little
bit more of peace of
mind. It's, it's interesting that
we, we seem to think
that we would get our
degree or we learn our,
you know, we learn our
technology and we think it's
going to stay that way.
And it simply doesn't, I,
I think only the basics
of stained have stayed the
same, but all the technologies
that I used to work
on when I started in
school are all dead. Except
maybe C Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's a, yeah. It's a
huge process. And then you,
yeah, you finished school and
you're like, Oh, okay, I'm
ready for the real world.
Then you realize that you're
not, and you have to
keep learning. And this is
something that I love about
this profession that you need
to keep learning all the
time, but at the same
time handle the pressure. Yeah.
Yeah. And I also appreciate
that you called out that,
I thought this was supposed
to be fun. And then
you get into something and
you're like, I'm not enjoying
myself anymore. And I don't
want to quit tech because
of anxiety of having to
try to learn everything. Right.
So you're applying very formal
learning processes. You're basically attacking
the problem with lists and
organization. You said in your
talk, I'm going on an
adventure. Like there's a formality
to the way that you
put this together. Yeah. It's
a, I mean, I have
a, what I like to
call a positive and when
I start a new project
and when they come and
me to do something new,
that is like, it's like
the panic of the wide
bar that you're like, Oh,
what I'm going to add,
adding here, whether you able
to do it with a
one, maybe I'm not going
to able to do it.
But I always end up
trusting myself, like comparing with
previous situations. And I was
always able to do it
and learning which more effort,
less effort. But it was
always like that. It's like
during the course of your
life, we all have fears,
fear of being rejected, fear
of being criticized, fear of
not knowing something that is
obvious to everyone else. It
happens a lot. The, someone
is explaining something to you
and they say, Oh, this
is super easy. Yeah. Maybe
for that person is super
easy. But if for me,
it's not, isn't going to
say, Oh, I know that
good. So what's wrong with
me? And for me, I
try to organize site. Okay.
No one is like, we
are a start from scratch
and we'll help each other.
So let's try to be
patient. I know that it's
true that sometimes you have
a deadline and you really
need to keep up to
that. But it's good to
start organizing. For example, when
I have a big problem
that I don't know how
to solve, I start to
divide the problem in very
small tasks. So I can't
focus on each one, but
at the same time taking
into account the whole group
of things. Hmm. I really
like that term that you
just, I've never heard that
positive anxiety. That's a really
interesting way to think about
it because I think we
all think of anxiety as
being a deeply horrible thing.
You know, nobody wants to
have anxiety, but there is
a positive effect of stress
because it's making you aware.
It's preparing you for the
future for, you know, something's
about to happen. And I
can either take that stress
and it can make me
small and make me hide,
or it can prepare me
for action. So you're saying
you are anxious, you acknowledge
that you're anxious and then
you decide to take action.
And you are you saying
that you take the energy
of the anxiety and move
it, it moves you forward?
Yes. It keeps me going.
I mean, it's not the
only thing that keeps me
going, but it's like, their
thing is the carrots that
I have in front of
me say, okay, I need
to get moving because if
not, I'm going to, it's
going to be more complicated.
So, and at the same
time, I say, well, it's
a new opportunity to learn
something new. It's a positive
anxiety slash excitement. That something
that is unknown when I
get to learn something now
it's, yeah, it happens to
me that sometimes I go
pass in through the, the
success phase and then go
to the fence where you,
and that is when you
start learning something and everything
goes smoothly. And at some
point you feel like you're
not improving that there is
a task that you cannot
resolve and it takes you
more time that you think
you should be taking you.
And that's when we start
feeling frustrating question your career
and everything. And that's when
you start dealing with those
insecurities in the beginning for
me, was something very hard
to overcome. I felt that
I knew so little that
I knew that it was
difficult, but at the same
time, I wasn't start to
stop enjoying programming. And that
was not good. So, but
I knew that it was
an effort that was worth
doing. So I kept going,
I took a deep breath
and I, one day I
started to say, okay, let's
see what works for me.
Well, because I mean, what
it works for you maybe
does not for me and
vice-versa, but I started to
look for a mythology that
helped me. The first one
that I found was to,
yeah. To understand that it's
something that you don't learn
over the night, that it
is a process that it
takes time. So I started
talking to people, I started
to be open like, Hey,
sometimes I have no idea
what I'm doing. How do
you do this? How I,
what do you think about
this that I enjoy doing?
And start feeling more open
about that? Like, Hey, sometimes
I don't know. And a
lot of people were like,
yeah, that happens to me
too. And that's fine. Yeah.
It's a, it's like, I
started to understand the it's
a, there is a big
game of things, security sometimes
in his profession. And I
assume that in many professionals
they are chill, but it's
like the, the superhero developer
at the end of the
day, we are all people
and we are all learning
and trying to do our
best. And it was really
good for me to start
talking with people because very
soon I call notice that
I was feeling was much
more common that I saw
a lot of people were
having the same feelings. So
it's like, it's not your
fault. It's not just you.
Programming is hard. So, yeah.
And it's good to start
having fun, being bothered, learning,
like looking at stuff that
I did a month or
a few years ago and
say, Oh, well, I have
improved. And that's a, that's
not really a good thing.
It's like, we don't only
learn from success. We also
learned from failure. I learn
a lot from failure. I
have to say. So it's
a, isn't a good thing.
I often say that we
should fail fast and fail
often. And if you fail
very, very fast and you're
doing a great job. Yes,
yes. One of the things
I also liked about your
talk was that you said
that you started to respect
your own learning pace. And
I really liked that rather
than beating yourself up about
not learning fast, you are
learning about yourself and you're
understanding how you learn and
how fast you learn and
actually formally respecting the pace
at which you learn. And
then using that pace to
set yourself up and prepare
your lists of how you're
gonna, how you're going to
learn. Exactly. Yes. I remember
a few years ago when
I started coding, I was
like, no, I need to
do a fast, if I
do a fast, it means
that I'm good. And then
they seen the reducing that
first Pacey canes with years
of work experience. Yeah. I
guess a life experience. When
you get older, you are,
you have, sometimes you become
more patient with many things.
So yeah, it's like, I
started to notice the been
going so fast in, in
learning one, wasn't helping me
to learn properly until it
was being hard from, for
myself, for my, for my
mood, for my health, because
sometimes I was staying late
at night and then waking
up early to go toward
the next day with all
the stress of having a
pending task. And I started
to say, okay, this is
my learning pace. I'm going
to respect that. Of course
at the same time, trying
to, to do everything that
I need to do. But
when it's about learning new
things, I try to respect
and getting to know myself
a bit more. Yeah. Being
able to know yourself and
what your, not just what
your limitations are, but what
the things you're good at
are can set yourself up
for success. Like I know
what time of day I
need to learn. I know
when I'm a good learner
when I'm not, I know
when to walk away, that
was a huge thing for
me. Cause I think we
are taught as programmers that
we should work late into
the night. And you know,
you should be somewhere at
12 hours or 16 hours
of straight coding. There's a
moment that will happen. And
no, there isn't. Sometimes you
just have to say, okay,
it's three in the afternoon
and I just cannot work
anymore. I'm going to go
for a walk because I'm
done. Yes, yes, absolutely. Yeah.
For example, I know that
in the evening and at
night I can't it's, it's
like my brain does not
work well. My most productive
time is the morning and
early afternoon. So I usually
organize my days to do
the most difficult tasks in
the morning and the beginning
of the afternoon, and then
leave all the stuff that
is already know how to
do that. Maybe it's repetitive
or that I already it's
easier to do to too
late in the day. Yeah.
That really organizes me a
lot. It's a, yeah, it's
a really good to remember
to look back from time
to time and see what
you have done and how
to organize your work and
see, okay. All these things
I have done them better
in the morning. Maybe the
evening is not a good
time for me, but yeah,
it's a, it's a really
good thing that I learned
how to do. And I,
I feel proud of that,
honestly. No, I think you
should feel proud of that
because it's an interesting thing
that I, my wife has
said before that she feels
sometimes that people let their
lives happen by default. So
if you don't decide, if
you don't take control, then
it will just happen and
whatever happens, happens. And then
you say, Oh, that happened.
But it happened by default.
If I simply do tasks,
whenever I'm not going to
necessarily have as good of
an experience. But if I
sit down and say, what
am I good at? When
should I do my expense
reports? When should I do
the hardest coding? And like,
it's like, like you said,
formerly know when my time
is when my what's it
called when you get into
the groove, you know, and
then schedule everything that way
formally. I don't think we
sit down and think about
that. I think we go
to work, we check email
and then life happens and
our day happens and then
we blink and then it's
dinner time. And then we
do it again the next
day. Yeah. And that's, I
don't know if that's good.
I mean, we need to
do it. Yes. There is
a part that is real
the yeah. Or pay the
bills. That's true. But at
the same time, we need
to have, find time to
have hand, for example, for
me to start to find
some side projects or a
theme that I am interested
in and called do a
little demos for myself in
inculpating what I can learn.
Something new that I know
that I don't have a
deadline, but I, I can
take my time and enjoy
that much more. Another thing
that I do a lot
is to read about new
topics when I'm commuting to
work the time that I
have for myself to, to
do that. So that's always
a really good, Yeah. And
some people like the side
projects myself, I mean, that
is energizing and other people,
they code all day. And
the last thing that they
want to do is code
later. So for them it's
disconnecting completely. Yes. I have
periods of time that I'm
like that. I have to
admit that I'm much more
like that I'm having side
projects all the time. It's
a, there is something the,
yeah, you need to have
side projects, work on open
source and all that. And
it's perfectly amazing. Yeah. But
it's also good to say,
well, I, ain't going to
be honest with myself now.
I not feeling like doing
it. So I'm going to
take a few weeks for
myself to us. It's also
good to recharge for me.
It's not about stopping feeling
lazy. It's more about taking
some time to recharge. So
then you can be better.
Your code is powerful. And
so are you. And when
you consider the reach of
your code, it's clear that
to deliver quality code, you
must also deliver secure code.
So where can you start?
A first step is educating
yourself on basic secure coding
principles and beginning to put
these principles into practice every
day. Vera code secure coding
toolkit is your go to
resource for all your secure
coding needs. The benefits of
the toolkit include learning best
practices for secure coding, understanding
how to secure your dev
ops environments and learning to
combat the most common software,
stay secure and download this
valuable asset today at vericode.com/toolkit.
That's V R a code.com/toolkit.
And another thing that you
do to recharge is do
community work. You, you organize
conferences and you get people
together so that they can
learn as well. And does
that help you recharge? Yes,
a lot. I mean, it
was in 2016. I organized,
we ever Farida. I know
that you have her talking
here on the podcast a
few weeks ago and she
explained the whole 2018 edition.
When we organized the first
one, the 2016, it was
completely new. For example, for
me, I had never even
organized a huge party. And
then I wasn't organize it,
that 300 people conference. So
yeah, it was quite a
lot. Yeah, we have, yeah.
The economy in Argentina fluctuates
a lot. So it was
quite hard to get sponsors,
to pay for flights, accommodation
for speakers, but it was
so good. And the main
thing that we wanted to
do was to have a
really low price because here,
I know that conferences here
in the U S are
usually 500 bucks or maybe
more, maybe a bit less,
but we really wanted from
day one, whatever we say,
we want to keep it
under a hundred dollars because
I know that that's the,
most of people may be
able to pay here. So
we not only kept the
ticket very low, that also
led to try to get
all the money from sponsors.
But also we wanted to
give scholarships to two people
who are in secondary school.
That means between 16 and
18 years old school, we're
interested in programming. We want
to give them a giveaway,
TIG free tickets for them.
And there was some icing
because you can see a
lot of kids, like we're
just starting really early, too
cold, seeing their idols speaking
on stage. And there were
amazing. And for me, it
was also a really a
really good thing. Because for
example, I started writing CSS
because of Harry Roberts CSS with
our try, if you now,
him and I, he was,
I remember when I started
coding in CSS, I was,
I was watching a, his
video, some talks and blog
posts. I was like, wow.
I would really like to
go to a conference and
see this guy speaking on
stage. So, well, I call
no go to England or
any other country. So he
organized my own conference and
invited him to speak. That's
pretty cool. So you go
from someone who you idolize
in the space to working
with them? Yes. Yes. It
was something that I really
could experience, but yeah, the,
I think that the best
part of the organizing CSS
column for Argentina was to
give the space to everyone
to learn. In my opinion
is like we are, for
example, I didn't go to
university to learn how to
call. I'm actually, I got
a degree in graphic design
and web design, but not
like computer science. So everything
that I have learned is
because someone took the time
to teach me something, to
explain something to me and
listen, that's something really valuable.
And I really wanted to
give back that. One of
the other things that you
said is that you use
chaos as an opportunity to
learn something new. It sounds
like organizing a conference in
a difficult economy when you've
never heard. I love that
you've never organized a party.
It sounds like an opportunity
that you could either panic
and not do it. Or
you could turn that positive
anxiety into something successful. Do
you do the same thing
when you find a chaotic
code base? Yes, absolutely. I
try to, to organize, for
example, usually work on very
long term and large scale
projects. Usually it's a really
big challenge for me, but
I gotta say that it's
one of my favorites. I
love thinking steps ahead when
it comes to work. And
when you work on a
large scale projects, especially in
longterm ones, you really need
to think ahead. So yeah,
that gives sometimes some anxiety
in terms of, Oh, how's
it going to be? How
much it's going to change.
But I'd like to, after
a few years of experience
on this, I say, okay,
I know that things change.
I know that what you
have in the beginning, it's
not going to be that.
So it's like, I start
thinking a few steps ahead.
It's like a, I kind
of war with a single,
without when my mind on
a single feature. I try
to think everything as a
group. And from there start
asking, looking at the bigger
picture on our ski myself
questions. Like how much is
it going to change if
it's going to be, for
example, a localized project or
not. Because for example, we
know that that you should
have, they give you the
design, Oh, everything in English
and that you need to
localize it to German or
Finnish, which are really long
languages, all of the same
break. So for me, it's
about organizing all that thinking
a few steps ahead. Yeah.
It happens to me that
I, I have lost count
how many times I started
writing a new CSS for
a project. And then I
wasn't repeating to myself like,
like a, some sort of
mantra. Yeah. This tiny will
be really tidy. I will
revise CSS, CSS, like the
cool kids do. Of course.
And especially, this is my
favorite one of course, I'm
going to notice when my
code base gets messy. Yeah.
Duh, but I know you
don't. So what it's trying
to start doing is really
pay attention to that when
things start to get messy.
And what I do for
that is, yeah, it usually
happens two things. One is
how much the project can
change in an unexpected way.
That means the client decided
to take a different direction,
you know, the sundae direction.
And with that, we can
think of your steps ahead.
And then it regarding code
based on that, we can
think of how we can
maintain that. So usually every
time that I start a
new project, I learned, I
always like to start thinking
of the elements he has,
then it will go for
the layout. Then it will
look for how it will
look on different platforms, mobile
devices, tablets, et cetera, et
cetera. And they start asking
myself questions like, how is
the topography, the font size,
the font family, the use,
how is the layout a
hosted color palette? Because if
I start thinking from that,
from the very beginning, I
can start organizing my CSS,
my files. It's like, ah,
okay, all the part of
layout is going to be
here. All the powder from
Tyson is going to be
there. It's like a, I,
I go from that channel
aspect of the whole project
to a particular one. I
think that for me, organizing
our messy code base is
about, yeah. Taking a look
at the whole picture, but
at the same time, be
really aware of all the
small parts of it. So
you can put them altogether
and have something as tidy
as I wonder sometimes why
I'm, I feel like I'm
a good backend developer and
I can organize things in
functions and break things down
like you've described. But inevitably
my CSS ends up being
pretty when it starts and
then chaos at the end,
you know, it, it just
falls apart. Do you think
that people are not considering
CSS and their front ends
like in a formal way?
Should I be breaking things
up into functions more in
smaller pieces? Yes. I actually,
I started to have a,
since I started using SAS
a few years ago, I
started to have a more
programmatic approach on CSS, like
the building components doing functions.
And that actually helped me
a lot to learn more
JavaScript. So yeah, I think
that many people consider CSS
like, ah, well is what
it gives the, the color
and the style of the
phone, some modules. And that
said, but the thing is
that it's easy to write,
but hard to maintain later.
So it's good that you,
you're also organized and put
a lot of thoughts on
that because it's also an
important part of the, of
the website. If you siloed,
you start a project and
you have a really nice
class that does a lot
of things and it's super
usable. And then your project
starts changing. That class is
not that great anymore. And
you start overriding and adding
more calls. We all know
that when we write a
line of CSS, we are
like, Oh no, let's not
touch that one. Let's not
remove it. You, you never
know how, what other part
of the website can affect.
So it's like, and that
way we start adding more
and more content. Yeah. That's
how it usually gets messy.
Yeah. I think sometimes that
backend developers, as we start
moving ourselves into the front
end, we, for lack of
a better term, we start
to trivialize what we think
front end development is like,
and then we, we make
a small change and we
just make a small change
and we forget the cascading
part of, of, of cascading
style sheets. And we, we,
we think that it's just
a little bit of markup
here and there, but it's
an entire programming language with
formal functions and like SAS
maps and things like that.
And I think that I,
as a backend developer make,
I assume it's simpler than
it is. And I end
up hurting myself and I
create chaos rather than remove
chaos. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I
think that happens to me
too. I'm not a backend
developer, but a, that also
happens to me. But yeah,
I think the CSS is
a little bit underestimated sometimes.
Yeah, that happens a lot.
But yeah, it gives you
a quick lesson very fast
because it gets really messy
and where you need to
touch something of that code
base again, you're like, Oh
no, what have I done?
So yeah, I have been
to a lot for me.
I try to be very
mindful of the naming convention,
Sunday file structure that I
used, because I really helps
me to know where every
style leaves. It happens many
times. I don't want to
simplify styles because we are
afraid of changing a style
that it could be used
somewhere else, but we don't
know where, and there just
in case we don't touch
it and we keep adding
more specificity to their styles.
And that also comes from
used to have a messy
code base. So yeah, many
times what I do is
to start dividing. There is
an approach called functional CSS
that is doing small classes
that do one thing and
they do it well. For
example, we have a text,
for example, naming that we,
sometimes we can create a
class at is text blue.
But yeah, what happens if
tomorrow the client or the
designers decide to change that
text to read the class
won't be usable anymore. But
in the case that that
class is only applying eye
color, you just replace the
class for another one. We
done that better naming maybe.
And that can also help
it's about those small things
about being mindful. I think
that if we stop a
little bit and every time
that we write CSS, we
write it for thinking steps
ahead. Thinking if it's going
to be easier to maintain
of is going to be
a problem in the future
or not. Instead of just
writing for the sake of
our in color layout, to
the components of the page,
it will help a lot
to have a cleaner code
base. Yeah. I'll, I'll be
sure to add information about
functional CSS to the show
notes. There's some really interesting
things because when I learned
CSS first, we started with
inline styles and then we
moved it all into an
external style sheet. And then
we made a bunch of
little utility classes like, you
know, bootstrap. And we would,
you'd say dev class, and
then you'd have  and
all this information. And then
people said, no, it should
be like object oriented. You
should have like a style
called dot user or dot
flight. And people are basically
going back and forth trying
to figure out what's the
correct way to write CSS
that scales to really large
sites. And I know that
you work on big sites
and it can be really
challenging. Yes it is. Yeah.
I do this discussion about
object oriented CSS or ITC
assess or using a bend
methodology. I honestly don't think
that there's a right or
wrong way to do it.
I think that the best
methodology that you can use
is the one that suits
you and your project and
every project has different needs.
So it's not a, well
maybe what works for you
in one project, won't work
for me on another one.
And it's good to, for
me, the most important thing
is to have a talk
with the rest of your
colleagues, if you're working on
the team and also the
designers, the clients, the producers
to have other understanding of
the project so we can
see how we can scale.
And from that we can
grade the other methodology on
CSS for this. Interesting. So
you would, you would use
one methodology on one project
and then an entirely different
one on another. Yes I
have. Yeah. Okay. That's good
to know. It's it's, it's
interesting. I perhaps I maybe
was a naive and I
assume that one size fits
all. And then one day
we would solve CSS and
we'd know that this is
the right way for everything.
I mean, I have my
preferences, my, if I need
to pick a preference, a
skull and chewy, ITSs I
TCSs what I have many
components angle for a very
general aspect to a very
particular one. That will be
my, my main preferences. But
I have worked on other
projects where Ben approached block
element modifier was more suitable
for the project. So I
decided to use that, maybe
it wasn't my favorite approach,
but it was the one
that was working and he
ended up working well. So
I T C S S
is a managed CSS architecture
from CSS, CSS, wizardry, correct?
Yes, exactly. And then what
was the other one? You
said, bam, element, modifier block
element modifier. And I'm going
to make sure that we've
got links to all of
this for people to go
and explore. Oh, Mason. Fantastic.
Well, it's been so nice
chatting with you today. I
really appreciate your time. Yes.
Thank you for giving me
the chance to talk here.
Really enjoy it. We've been
chatting with ludas Montano and
this has been another episode
of Hanselminutes and we'll see
you again. .